Fixups to star rating news post (#2029)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2019-02-05-new-changes-to-star-rating-performance-points.md

## Hidden mod adjustments

The performance points awarded due to the hidden mod has been increased for beatmaps with high aim and accuracy ratings, and decreased for high approach rate beatmaps with high speed ratings.

| ![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-02-05-new-changes-to-star-rating-performance-points/hidden-chart-1.png) | ![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-02-05-new-changes-to-star-rating-performance-points/hidden-chart-2.png) | ![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-02-05-new-changes-to-star-rating-performance-points/hidden-chart-3.png) |
| - | - | - |

Example beatmaps where this change can be seen:
- [GYZE - Honesty](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/586121#osu/1241370) - pp decreased
- [Linkin Park - Guilty All The Same (feat. Rakim)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/518596#osu/1187302) - pp increased

View on GitHub: [#72](https://github.com/ppy/osu-performance/pull/72)

## Miscellaneous changes

These are the more minor technical changes that we introduced to fix previous issues and keep things balanced.

- Various slider length calculations have been fixed to correctly represent gameplay. ([#4099](https://github.com/ppy/osu/pull/4099), [#4193](https://github.com/ppy/osu/pull/4193))

> - Slider lengths are now also considered if the following hitobject is a hitcircle. ([#3608](https://github.com/ppy/osu/pull/3608))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Slider lengths are now also considered if the following hit object is a hit circle. ([#3608](https://github.com/ppy/osu/pull/3608))
```
these are usually spaced in a non-technical context on wiki

Reviewer: also occurs in a few other places
